# Privacy Policy

2019-08-20

(Adopted from [openclipart.org](https://web.archive.org/web/20190327044908/https://openclipart.org/privacy).)

## What information do we collect?

Information is collected from you when you register on our site. When
registering on our site, you are asked to enter your login. Your login
may be your real name, or an assumed artist name. You may visit our
site anonymously and choose not to register.

## How do we use your information?

Information collected from you may be used in one of the following
ways, but is not limited to personalization of your experience,
processing of transactions, or sending of periodic emails. If you
provide an email address it may be used to send you information,
respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. Your
information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged,
transferred, released, or given to any other company for any reason
whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose
of managing your clipart.

## Cookies

Our site uses cookies. Cookies are small files that are transferred to
your computer's hard drive via your web browser, which enables
recognition of your browser and to capture and remember certain
information. Cookies can be disabled in your browser.

## Data Collection Through Cookies

We may periodically collect anonymous usage data whether by first or
third party for the purpose of analysis or marketing. Collection is
done anonymously and is not tied to any identifiable information.

## Disclose of information

We do not sell, trade, release, or otherwise transfer information
partially or in its entirety to any third party unless pursuant of an
investigation of suspected unlawful, harmful, or otherwise illegal
activity (including enforcement of our site's policies, protection to
our rights, property, and/or safety or the rights, property, and/or
safety of others), or strictly required to by law as a direct result
of such proceedings as a court order or a legal process.

## Terms and Conditions

You may view our [Terms and Conditions](/doc/terms) which establish
the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use
of our website here.

## Consent

By using our site, you consent and are in agreeance with our privacy
policy.
