# Terms and Conditions

2019-08-20

Please read these terms and conditions ("terms", "terms and
conditions") carefully before using <code>lostclipart.com</code>
website (the "service").

## Conditions of Use

We will provide their services to you, which are subject to the
conditions stated below in this document. Every time you visit this
website, use its services or upload an image, you accept the following
conditions.

You must not use this website if you disagree with any of these terms
and conditions.

Minors or people below 18 years old are not allowed to use this
website.

## Restrictions

You are specifically restricted from all of the following:

* using this website in any way that is or may be damaging to this website;
* using this website in any way that impacts user access to this website;
* using this website contrary to applicable laws and regulations, or
  in any way may cause harm to the Website, or to any person or
  business entity;
* engaging in any data mining, bulk data harvesting, bulk data
  extracting or any other similar activity in relation to this
  website;
* using this website to engage in any advertising or marketing.

Certain areas of this website are restricted from being access by you
and <code>lostclipart.com</code> may further restrict access by you to
any areas of this website, at any time, in absolute discretion. Any
passwords you may have for this website are confidential and you must
maintain confidentiality as well.

## No warranties

This website is provided "as is," with all faults, and
<code>lostclipart.com</code> express no representations or warranties,
of any kind related to this Website or the materials contained on this
website. Also, nothing contained on this website shall be interpreted
as advising you.

## Your Privacy

Please read [Privacy Policy](/doc/privacy).

## Limitation of liability

In no event shall <code>lostclipart.com</code>, nor any of its
officers, directors and employees, shall be held liable for anything
arising out of or in any way connected with your use of this website
whether such liability is under contract.
<code>lostclipart.com</code>, including its officers, directors and
employees shall not be held liable for any indirect, consequential or
special liability arising out of or in any way related to your use of
this website.

## Indemnification

You hereby indemnify to the fullest extent
<code>lostclipart.com</code> from and against any and/or all
liabilities, costs, demands, causes of action, damages and expenses
arising in any way related to your breach of any of the provisions of
these terms.

## Severability

If any provision of these terms is found to be invalid under any
applicable law, such provisions shall be deleted without affecting the
remaining provisions herein.

## Variation of Terms

<code>lostclipart.com</code> is permitted to revise these terms at any
time as it sees fit, and by using this website you are expected to
review these terms on a regular basis.

## Assignment

<code>lostclipart.com</code> is allowed to assign, transfer, and
subcontract its rights and/or obligations under these terms without
any notification. However, you are not allowed to assign, transfer, or
subcontract any of your rights and/or obligations under these Terms.

## Entire Agreement

These terms constitute the entire agreement between
<code>lostclipart.com</code> and you in relation to your use of this
website, and supersede all prior agreements and understandings.

## Copyright

Content published on this website (digital downloads, images,
graphics, logos) is the property of its content creators and protected
by international copyright laws.

## Communications

The entire communication with us is electronic. Every time you send us
an email or visit our website, you are going to be communicating with
us. You hereby consent to receive communications from us. We will
continue to communicate with you by posting news and notices on our
website and/or by sending you emails. You also agree that all notices,
disclosures, agreements and other communications we provide to you
electronically meet the legal requirements that such communications be
in writing.

## Applicable Law

By visiting this website, you agree that the laws of Ukraine, without
regard to principles of conflict laws, will govern these terms and
conditions, or any dispute of any sort that might come between
<code>lostclipart.com</code> and you, or its business partners and
associates.

## Uploads

Visitors may post content as long as it is not obscene, illegal,
defamatory, threatening, infringing of intellectual property rights,
invasive of privacy or injurious in any other way to third
parties. Content has to be free of porn, software viruses, political
campaign, and commercial solicitation.

We reserve all rights (but not the obligation) to remove and/or edit
such content. When you post your content, you grant
<code>lostclipart.com</code> non-exclusive, royalty-free and
irrevocable right to use, reproduce, publish, modify such content
throughout the world in any media.

## User Account

If you are an owner of an account on this website, you are solely
responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your private user
details (username and password). You are responsible for all
activities that occur under your account or password.

We reserve all rights to terminate accounts, edit or remove content in
our sole discretion.
